System Update Helper - End User License Agreement
Version 10.0.22621.0  (c) 2026 System Update Helper Project. All rights reserved.

This agreement is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a
single entity) and the System Update Helper Project for the software product
identified above, which includes computer software and may include associated
media, printed materials, and "online" or electronic documentation ("SOFTWARE
PRODUCT"). By installing, copying, or otherwise using the SOFTWARE PRODUCT,
you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree to the
terms of this EULA, do not install or use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

SOFTWARE PRODUCT LICENSE
The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is protected by copyright laws and international copyright
treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The
SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed, not sold.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE. This EULA grants you the following rights:
   (a) System Component. You may install and use one copy of the SOFTWARE
       PRODUCT on a single computer for the purpose of applying periodic
       system maintenance updates, checking for available hotfixes, and
       reporting anonymous compatibility telemetry to the update service.
   (b) Storage/Network Use. You may also store or install a copy of the
       SOFTWARE PRODUCT on a storage device, such as a network server, used
       only to install or run the SOFTWARE PRODUCT on your other computers
       over an internal network; however, you must acquire and dedicate a
       license for each separate computer on which the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is
       installed or run from the storage device.
   (c) Reservation of Rights. All rights not expressly granted under this
       EULA are reserved by the System Update Helper Project.

2. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.
   (a) Maintenance Updates. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT may periodically check for,
       download, and install maintenance updates, quality rollups, and
       compatibility patches from the configured update endpoint. You agree
       that the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may perform these checks on a recurring
       schedule without additional notice.
   (b) Limitations on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly.
       You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the SOFTWARE
       PRODUCT, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly
       permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation.
   (c) Separation of Components. The SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed as a single
       product. Its component parts may not be separated for use on more than
       one computer.
   (d) Rental. You may not rent, lease, or lend the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
   (e) Support Services. The System Update Helper Project provides you with
       support services related to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT ("Support Services").
       Use of Support Services is governed by the policies and programs
       described in the user manual, in "online" documentation, and/or other
       materials provided with the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.
   (f) Software Transfer. You may permanently transfer all of your rights
       under this EULA, provided you retain no copies, you transfer all of
       the SOFTWARE PRODUCT, and the recipient agrees to the terms of this
       EULA.
   (g) Termination. Without prejudice to any other rights, the System Update
       Helper Project may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the
       terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all
       copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT and all of its component parts.

3. UPGRADES. If the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is an upgrade from another product,
   whether from the System Update Helper Project or another supplier, you may
   use or transfer the SOFTWARE PRODUCT only in conjunction with that upgraded
   product, unless you destroy the upgraded product. If the SOFTWARE PRODUCT
   is an upgrade of a component of a package of software programs that you
   acquired as a single product, the SOFTWARE PRODUCT may be used and
   transferred only as part of that single product package and may not be
   separated for use on more than one computer.

4. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. All title and intellectual property rights in
   and to the SOFTWARE PRODUCT (including but not limited to any images,
   photographs, animations, video, audio, music, text, and "applets"
   incorporated into the SOFTWARE PRODUCT), the accompanying printed
   materials, and any copies of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT are owned by the System
   Update Helper Project. All title and intellectual property rights in and to
   the content which may be accessed through use of the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is the
   property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable
   copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. This EULA
   grants you no rights to use such content.

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable
   law, the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is provided "as is" and with all faults, and the
   System Update Helper Project hereby disclaims all other warranties and
   conditions, either express, implied, or statutory, including, but not
   limited to, any (if any) implied warranties, duties or conditions of
   merchantability, of fitness for a particular purpose, of reliability or
   availability, of accuracy or completeness, of results, and of lack of
   negligence. The entire risk arising out of use or performance of the
   SOFTWARE PRODUCT remains with you.

6. EXCLUSION OF INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL AND CERTAIN OTHER DAMAGES. To the
   maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the System
   Update Helper Project or its suppliers be liable for any special,
   incidental, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages whatsoever
   (including, but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of
   confidential or other information, business interruption, personal injury,
   privacy intrusion, failure to meet any duty including of good faith or of
   reasonable care, negligence, and any other pecuniary or other loss
   whatsoever) arising out of or in any way related to the use of or inability
   to use the SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY AND REMEDIES. Notwithstanding any damages that you
   might incur for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, all
   damages referenced above and all direct or general damages), the entire
   liability of the System Update Helper Project and any of its suppliers
   under any provision of this EULA and your exclusive remedy for all of the
   foregoing shall be limited to the greater of the amount actually paid by
   you for the SOFTWARE PRODUCT or U.S.$5.00. The foregoing limitations,
   exclusions and disclaimers shall apply to the maximum extent permitted by
   applicable law, even if any remedy fails its essential purpose.

8. U.S. GOVERNMENT LICENSE RIGHTS. All SOFTWARE PRODUCT provided to the U.S.
   Government, its agencies, or instrumentalities is provided with Restricted
   Rights. Use, duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government is subject
   to restrictions as set forth in FAR 52.227-19 (Commercial Computer
   Software - Restricted Rights) and DFARS 227.7202 (Rights in "Commercial
   Computer Software or Commercial Computer Software Documentation"), as
   applicable. Manufacturer is the System Update Helper Project.

9. APPLICABLE LAW. This EULA is governed by the laws of the jurisdiction in
   which the SOFTWARE PRODUCT is licensed. If you acquired the SOFTWARE
   PRODUCT in the United States, then this EULA is governed by the laws of the
   State of Washington. If you acquired the SOFTWARE PRODUCT in Canada, then
   unless expressly prohibited by local law, this EULA is governed by the
   laws in force in the Province of Ontario.

10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This EULA (including any addendum or amendment to this
    EULA which is included with the SOFTWARE PRODUCT) is the entire agreement
    between you and the System Update Helper Project relating to the SOFTWARE
    PRODUCT and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous understandings,
    communications, agreements, representations, or warranties, written or
    oral, regarding the subject matter of this EULA. No amendment to or
    modification of this EULA will be binding unless in writing and signed by
    the System Update Helper Project.

Should you have any questions concerning this EULA, or if you desire to
contact the System Update Helper Project for any other reason, please refer
to the address provided in the documentation.

Compatibility notes:
  - Requires Windows 7 Service Pack 1, Windows 8.1, Windows 10, or Windows 11.
  - Supports x86_64 and ARM64 architectures.
  - Administrative privileges are recommended but not required for basic
    compatibility checks.
  - Network connectivity is required for downloading maintenance updates.
  - The helper service runs under the local system account when scheduled.
  - Telemetry identifiers are generated per-machine and rotated periodically.
  - No personally identifiable information is collected or transmitted.
  - Update packages are verified using a signed manifest before installation.
  - Failed updates are rolled back automatically to the last known good state.
  - The schedule may be configured via group policy or the registry key.
  - Logging is disabled by default and may be enabled for troubleshooting.

Common file paths used by the helper:
  C:\Program Files\System Update Helper\updatehelper.exe
  C:\ProgramData\System Update Helper\cache\
  C:\ProgramData\System Update Helper\logs\
  %LOCALAPPDATA%\System Update Helper\state\
  HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\SOFTWARE\System Update Helper
  HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\System Update Helper

Scheduled task identifiers:
  SystemUpdateHelper_Daily
  SystemUpdateHelper_OnLogon
  SystemUpdateHelper_Maintenance

This product uses open-source components. A list of applicable licenses is
available in the installation directory under THIRD-PARTY-LICENSES.txt. The
open-source components are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. In
no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any claim,
damages, or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort, or
otherwise, arising from, out of, or in connection with the software or the
use or other dealings in the software.

Thank you for using System Update Helper. The helper will now exit.
